A person is a foreigner if the person does not provide proof that the person holds Belgian nationality.

A person is a third-country national if the person is not a citizen of the Union and the person is not a person who falls under Community law on free movement as defined in Article 2, point 5, of the Schengen Borders Code.

A person is in illegal residence if the person is present on the territory and the person does not or no longer satisfies the conditions for access to or residence on the territory.

A risk of absconding exists for a foreigner if reasons exist to assume that the foreigner will abscond and the foreigner is subject to a removal procedure or a procedure for granting international protection or a procedure for determining or transferring to the member state responsible for examining the request for international protection and the risk is established on the basis of one or more objective criteria listed in paragraph 2.

A risk of absconding must be current and real.

A risk of absconding is established after an individual examination and on the basis of one or more objective criteria taking into account all circumstances specific to each case.

A foreigner is an identified foreigner if the foreigner is in possession of a valid travel document or a valid passport or a valid identity document.

A foreigner is an identified foreigner if the foreigner has been recognised as a national by the national authority of the foreigner's country and that authority has declared itself willing to issue a laissez-passer.

A foreigner is an identified foreigner if the foreigner falls under a category of nationalities for which the minister may issue a laissez-passer.

The absconding criterion 1 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner did not submit a residence application after illegal entry or during illegal residence or did not submit a request for international protection within the period provided by this law.

The absconding criterion 2 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner used false or misleading information or false or falsified documents in the context of a procedure for international protection, residence, removal, or refusal of entry or committed fraud or used other unlawful means.

The absconding criterion 3 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner does not cooperate or has not cooperated in the context of relations with the authorities responsible for the implementation of and/or supervision of compliance with the regulations on access to the territory, residence, establishment, and removal of foreigners.

The absconding criterion 4 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner has indicated that the foreigner does not intend to comply with a transfer, refusal of entry, or removal measure or the foreigner has already failed to comply with such a measure.

The absconding criterion 4 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner has indicated that the foreigner does not intend to comply with an entry ban that has not been lifted or suspended or the foreigner has already failed to comply with such a ban.

The absconding criterion 4 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner has indicated that the foreigner does not intend to comply with a less coercive measure than a deprivation of liberty measure aimed at guaranteeing the foreigner's transfer, refusal of entry, or removal, whether a freedom-restricting measure or another measure, or the foreigner has already failed to comply with such a measure.

The absconding criterion 4 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner has indicated that the foreigner does not intend to comply with a freedom-restricting measure aimed at guaranteeing public order or national security or the foreigner has already failed to comply with such a measure.

The absconding criterion 4 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner has indicated that the foreigner does not intend to comply with a measure taken by another member state equivalent to the measures referred to in criterion 4(a), (b), (c), or (d) or the foreigner has already failed to comply with such a measure.

The absconding criterion 5 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner is subject to an entry ban in the Kingdom or in another member state that has not been lifted or suspended.

The absconding criterion 6 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner submitted a new residence application or a new request for international protection immediately after being subject to a decision refusing entry or residence or a decision ending the foreigner's residence or immediately after being subject to a refusal of entry or removal measure.

The absconding criterion 7 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner concealed, while being questioned on that point, that the foreigner had already provided fingerprints in another state bound by the European regulations on determining the state responsible for examining a request for international protection after having submitted a request for international protection.

The absconding criterion 8 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner has submitted multiple requests for international protection and/or residence applications in the Kingdom or in one or more other member states that resulted in a negative decision or did not lead to the issuance of a residence permit.

The absconding criterion 9 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner concealed, while being questioned on that point, that the foreigner had previously submitted a request for international protection in another state bound by the European regulations on determining the state responsible for examining a request for international protection.

The absconding criterion 10 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner declared or if it appears from the foreigner's file that the foreigner came to the Kingdom for purposes other than those for which the foreigner submitted a request for international protection or a residence application.

The absconding criterion 11 is met for a foreigner if the foreigner is subject to a fine because the foreigner submitted a manifestly unlawful appeal to the Council for Alien Law Litigation.
