A company is a small company if the company has legal personality and not more than one small-company criterion is exceeded on the balance sheet date of the last closed financial year.

The employee criterion is exceeded for a company in a financial year if the annual average number of employees is greater than 50.

The turnover criterion is exceeded for a company in a financial year if the annual net turnover excluding value added tax as referred to in article 1:26/1 is greater than 11,250,000 euro.

The balance sheet criterion is exceeded for a company in a financial year if the balance sheet total is greater than 6,000,000 euro.

More than one small-company criterion is exceeded if the employee criterion and the turnover criterion are exceeded for the company in the financial year.

More than one small-company criterion is exceeded if the employee criterion and the balance sheet criterion are exceeded for the company in the financial year.

More than one small-company criterion is exceeded if the turnover criterion and the balance sheet criterion are exceeded for the company in the financial year.

Not more than one small-company criterion is exceeded if more than one small-company criterion is not exceeded for the company in the financial year.

A company is not a small company if more than one small-company criterion is exceeded for the company in the financial year.

For a company that is starting its business, the small-company criteria figures are estimated in good faith at the beginning of the first financial year for the purpose of applying paragraph 1.

The estimated employee criterion is exceeded for a starting company in the first financial year if the good-faith estimate at the beginning of the first financial year indicates that the annual average number of employees will be greater than 50.

The estimated turnover criterion is exceeded for a starting company in the first financial year if the good-faith estimate at the beginning of the first financial year indicates that the annual net turnover excluding value added tax will be greater than 11,250,000 euro.

The estimated balance sheet criterion is exceeded for a starting company in the first financial year if the good-faith estimate at the beginning of the first financial year indicates that the balance sheet total will be greater than 6,000,000 euro.

More than one estimated small-company criterion is exceeded for a starting company if the estimated employee criterion and the estimated turnover criterion are exceeded in the first financial year.

More than one estimated small-company criterion is exceeded for a starting company if the estimated employee criterion and the estimated balance sheet criterion are exceeded in the first financial year.

More than one estimated small-company criterion is exceeded for a starting company if the estimated turnover criterion and the estimated balance sheet criterion are exceeded in the first financial year.

A starting company is not a small company in the first financial year if more than one estimated small-company criterion is exceeded for that company in the first financial year.
