Article 4.17 concerns the inheritance rights of the surviving spouse.

The deceased leaves descendants if the deceased leaves children or descendants of children.

The deceased leaves descendants if the deceased leaves adopted children or descendants of adopted children.

The surviving spouse acquires the usufruct of the entire estate if the deceased leaves descendants.

The surviving spouse acquires the full ownership of the share of the first to die in the common property if the deceased leaves relatives in the ascending line or close collateral relatives.

The surviving spouse acquires the full ownership of the share of the first to die in the property held exclusively in undivided co-ownership between the spouses if the deceased leaves relatives in the ascending line or close collateral relatives.

The surviving spouse acquires the usufruct of the remaining goods of the own property of the deceased if the deceased leaves relatives in the ascending line or close collateral relatives.

The surviving spouse acquires the usufruct of the goods subject to the right of legal reversion referred to in article 4.24 if the deceased leaves relatives in the ascending line or close collateral relatives.

The surviving spouse acquires the usufruct of the goods subject to the right of legal reversion referred to in article 4.25 if the deceased leaves relatives in the ascending line or close collateral relatives.

The surviving spouse does not acquire the usufruct of the goods subject to the right of legal reversion if the deed of gift provides otherwise.

The surviving spouse does not acquire the usufruct of the goods subject to the right of legal reversion if the will provides otherwise.

The surviving spouse acquires the full ownership of the entire estate if the deceased leaves other heirs and the deceased does not leave descendants and the deceased does not leave relatives in the ascending line or close collateral relatives.

The surviving spouse acquires the full ownership of the entire estate if the deceased leaves no heirs.
