A company is a small company if the company has legal personality and not more than one small-company criterion is exceeded for the company on the balance sheet date of the last closed financial year.

The employee criterion is exceeded for a company in a financial year if the annual average number of employees of the company is greater than 50.

The turnover criterion is exceeded for a company in a financial year if the annual net turnover of the company, excluding value added tax, as referred to in article 1:26/1, is greater than 11,250,000 euro.

The balance sheet criterion is exceeded for a company in a financial year if the balance sheet total of the company is greater than 6,000,000 euro.

More than one small-company criterion is exceeded for a company in a financial year if the employee criterion and the turnover criterion are both exceeded for the company in that financial year.

More than one small-company criterion is exceeded for a company in a financial year if the employee criterion and the balance sheet criterion are both exceeded for the company in that financial year.

More than one small-company criterion is exceeded for a company in a financial year if the turnover criterion and the balance sheet criterion are both exceeded for the company in that financial year.

Not more than one small-company criterion is exceeded for a company in a financial year if more than one small-company criterion is not exceeded for the company in that financial year.

A change in the status of a company as a small company takes effect only if the exceeding condition or the no-longer-exceeding condition occurs in two consecutive financial years.

A change in the status of a company as a small company takes effect from the financial year that follows the financial year in which more than one small-company criterion was exceeded or was no longer exceeded for the second consecutive time.

A financial year Y2 is the following financial year after financial year Y1 if Y2 immediately follows Y1.

More than one small-company criterion is exceeded for a company for the second consecutive time in financial year Y2 if more than one small-company criterion is exceeded for the company in financial year Y1 and more than one small-company criterion is exceeded for the company in financial year Y2 and Y2 is the following financial year after Y1.

More than one small-company criterion is no longer exceeded for a company for the second consecutive time in financial year Y2 if more than one small-company criterion was exceeded for the company before financial year Y1 and not more than one small-company criterion is exceeded for the company in financial year Y1 and not more than one small-company criterion is exceeded for the company in financial year Y2 and Y2 is the following financial year after Y1.
