A company has legal personality.

A company is a small company if the company has legal personality and not more than one small-company criterion is exceeded for the company on the balance sheet date of the last closed financial year.

The employee criterion is exceeded for a company on the balance sheet date of the last closed financial year if the annual average number of employees of the company exceeds 50.

The turnover criterion is exceeded for a company on the balance sheet date of the last closed financial year if the annual net turnover of the company, exclusive of value added tax, as referred to in article 1:26/1, exceeds 11,250,000 euros.

The balance sheet criterion is exceeded for a company on the balance sheet date of the last closed financial year if the balance sheet total of the company exceeds 6,000,000 euros.

More than one small-company criterion is exceeded for a company on the balance sheet date of the last closed financial year if the employee criterion and the turnover criterion are both exceeded for the company on that date.

More than one small-company criterion is exceeded for a company on the balance sheet date of the last closed financial year if the employee criterion and the balance sheet criterion are both exceeded for the company on that date.

More than one small-company criterion is exceeded for a company on the balance sheet date of the last closed financial year if the turnover criterion and the balance sheet criterion are both exceeded for the company on that date.

Not more than one small-company criterion is exceeded for a company on the balance sheet date of the last closed financial year if more than one small-company criterion is not exceeded for the company on that date.

A company is a starting company if the company is starting its business.

For a starting company, the small-company criteria are applied on the basis of figures estimated in good faith at the beginning of the first financial year.

The estimated employee criterion is exceeded for a starting company in the first financial year if the estimated annual average number of employees exceeds 50.

The estimated turnover criterion is exceeded for a starting company in the first financial year if the estimated annual net turnover, exclusive of value added tax, as referred to in article 1:26/1, exceeds 11,250,000 euros.

The estimated balance sheet criterion is exceeded for a starting company in the first financial year if the estimated balance sheet total exceeds 6,000,000 euros.

More than one estimated small-company criterion is exceeded for a starting company in the first financial year if the estimated employee criterion and the estimated turnover criterion are both exceeded.

More than one estimated small-company criterion is exceeded for a starting company in the first financial year if the estimated employee criterion and the estimated balance sheet criterion are both exceeded.

More than one estimated small-company criterion is exceeded for a starting company in the first financial year if the estimated turnover criterion and the estimated balance sheet criterion are both exceeded.

A starting company is not a small company in the first financial year if more than one estimated small-company criterion is exceeded for that company in the first financial year.
